com/application/listener/SwipePageAction.java
 com.application.listener.SwipePageAction
com/application/datastorage/DataStorageApplication.java
 com.application.datastorage.DataStorageApplication
com/application/takeacoffee/fragments/EditReviewFragment.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.EditReviewFragment
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.EditReviewFragment$1
com/application/datastorage/DataHandlerSingleton.java
 com.application.datastorage.DataHandlerSingleton
com/application/models/User.java
 com.application.models.User
com/application/commons/Common.java
 com.application.commons.Common
 com.application.commons.Common$ReviewStatusEnum
com/application/takeacoffee/fragments/CoffeeMachineFragment.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.CoffeeMachineFragment
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.CoffeeMachineFragment$ViewHolder
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/application/takeacoffee/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/application/takeacoffee/BR.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.BR
com/application/drawable/TextDrawable.java
 com.application.drawable.TextDrawable
com/application/dataRequest/CoffeeAppController.java
 com.application.dataRequest.CoffeeAppController
com/application/takeacoffee/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.SplashScreenActivity
 com.application.takeacoffee.SplashScreenActivity$1
com/application/queries/ParseQueries.java
 com.application.queries.ParseQueries
com/application/models/ReviewCounter.java
 com.application.models.ReviewCounter
 com.application.models.ReviewCounter$1
 com.application.models.ReviewCounter$ReviewCounterTimestamp
 com.application.models.ReviewCounter$StatusCounter
com/application/adapters/SettingListAdapter.java
 com.application.adapters.SettingListAdapter
 com.application.adapters.SettingListAdapter$1
com/application/dataRequest/RestResponse.java
 com.application.dataRequest.RestResponse
com/application/takeacoffee/fragments/ReviewListFragment.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.ReviewListFragment
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.ReviewListFragment$1
com/application/adapters/ReviewListAdapter.java
 com.application.adapters.ReviewListAdapter
 com.application.adapters.ReviewListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/application/dataRequest/RetrofitServiceInterface.java
 com.application.dataRequest.RetrofitServiceInterface
com/application/dataRequest/RestLoaderRetrofit.java
 com.application.dataRequest.RestLoaderRetrofit
 com.application.dataRequest.RestLoaderRetrofit$HTTPAction
 com.application.dataRequest.RestLoaderRetrofit$HTTPVerb
com/application/models/Review.java
 com.application.models.Review
com/application/dataRequest/ParseDataRequest.java
 com.application.dataRequest.ParseDataRequest
com/application/models/Setting.java
 com.application.models.Setting
com/application/takeacoffee/AddReviewActivity.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.AddReviewActivity
com/application/dataRequest/DataRequestVolleyService.java
 com.application.dataRequest.DataRequestVolleyService
com/application/adapters/ChoiceReviewPagerAdapter.java
 com.application.adapters.ChoiceReviewPagerAdapter
com/application/takeacoffee/fragments/DashboardReviewFragment.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.DashboardReviewFragment
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.DashboardReviewFragment$1
com/application/commons/ReviewListTimestamp.java
 com.application.commons.ReviewListTimestamp
com/application/takeacoffee/CoffeeMachineActivity.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.CoffeeMachineActivity
com/application/models/ReviewStatus.java
 com.application.models.ReviewStatus
com/application/drawable/TextIconCustom.java
 com.application.drawable.TextIconCustom
com/application/commons/BitmapCustomUtils.java
 com.application.commons.BitmapCustomUtils
com/application/commons/HeaderUtils.java
 com.application.commons.HeaderUtils
 com.application.commons.HeaderUtils$1
 com.application.commons.HeaderUtils$2
 com.application.commons.HeaderUtils$3
com/application/takeacoffee/experimental/PieChart.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.experimental.PieChart
com/application/models/CoffeeMachine.java
 com.application.models.CoffeeMachine
com/application/takeacoffee/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.SettingsFragment
com/application/datastorage/HttpRequestData.java
 com.application.datastorage.HttpRequestData
com/application/datastorage/CoffeeAppInterface.java
 com.application.datastorage.CoffeeAppInterface
com/application/adapters/CoffeeMachineGridAdapter.java
 com.application.adapters.CoffeeMachineGridAdapter
com/application/takeacoffee/BuildConfig.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.BuildConfig
com/application/takeacoffee/fragments/LoginFragment.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.LoginFragment
com/application/takeacoffee/fragments/AddReviewFragment.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.AddReviewFragment
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.AddReviewFragment$1
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.AddReviewFragment$2
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.AddReviewFragment$AddMoreTextAction
com/application/commons/TimestampHandler.java
 com.application.commons.TimestampHandler
com/application/volleyExtension/GsonRequest.java
 com.application.volleyExtension.GsonRequest
com/application/takeacoffee/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.application.takeacoffee.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.application.takeacoffee.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/application/takeacoffee/fragments/MapFragment.java
 com.application.takeacoffee.fragments.MapFragment
com/application/extraMenu/ExtraMenuController.java
 com.application.extraMenu.ExtraMenuController
 com.application.extraMenu.ExtraMenuController$1
 com.application.extraMenu.ExtraMenuController$2
com/application/dataRequest/RestLoader.java
 com.application.dataRequest.RestLoader
 com.application.dataRequest.RestLoader$HTTPVerb
com/application/gestureDetector/SwipeDetector.java
 com.application.gestureDetector.SwipeDetector
 com.application.gestureDetector.SwipeDetector$1
 com.application.gestureDetector.SwipeDetector$Action
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
